Update storage-engine.md (#2087)
redis/docs: content/operate/rs/databases/auto-tiering/storage-engine.md

Redis Enterprise Auto Tiering supports two storage engines:

> * Speedb (default, recommended. A Redis proprietary storage engine)
> * [RocksDB](https://rocksdb.org/) (used up to Redis version 6.2, considered deprecated in later Redis versions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Speedb: Redis proprietary storage engine. The default and recommended storage engine as of Redis Enterprise Software version 7.2.4.

- [RocksDB](https://rocksdb.org/): Used up to Redis version 6.2. Deprecated for later Redis versions.
```
